---
layout: post
title: prophunt.io
date: '2019-05-26 16:19:59 -0400'
categories: prophunt
tags:
  - web dev
  - video game
  - team work
  - gin
permalink: /prophunt/
published: true
---
<div markdown="1">
**prophunt.io** is a simple, 2D, web-based version of the game prophunt - the popular hide and seek game on Garry's Mod. the major hurdle of this project is to adopt a game that is heavily reliant on its 3D-ness as a simple 2D "io game" (such as [agar.io](http://agar.io/) and [surviv.io](http://surviv.io/)). the key mechanic to prophunt is "hiders" can transform into "props", some furniture or item on the map, and hide by posing as innocently as possible. 

how do we convey and represent objects from a minimal topdown view? will this game even be fun with a lost dimension? fortnite was, so maybe we will be too.

<!--more-->

## the rules

we pretty much straight adopted the rules of Garry's Mod's prophunt.

> team BLUE players hunt to find and destroy team RED players disguised as props. players on the RED team are given thirty seconds to hide, including duplicating any prop (commonly furniture or small items) object on the map. props try to blend into the environment to avoid detection. team BLUE then must find and destroy props in a given time period. <br/> <br/>
> if the BLUE team destroys all RED team prompts, they win. otherwise, RED team wins the match.

## development process

i'll be posting updates as we work on tackling features. we've got the four of us - cor, mattf, kvfrans and myself. we're low-key working on this side hustle while in school, so updates will not be regular. eventually, we will most likely opensource the project and will link at such a time.

</div>

{%- for post in site.categories.prophunt reversed -%}
{%- if post.title != "prophunt.io" -%}
<div markdown="1" class="categoryUpdate">
# <a href="{{site.baseurl}}{{ post.url }}">{{ post.title }}</a>

{{ post.excerpt | markdownify }}

<a href="{{site.baseurl}}{{ post.url }}" class="readMore">- read more -</a>
</div>

{%- endif -%}
{%- endfor -%}
